== README

This is a template webApp being developed to provide the basics for a working site. It will have a user dashboard and profile using the devise gem and expanded options. It will also have an administrator dashboard to manage users. From here, a person could build onto this app do whatever they want.



## Versions
* App: 0.1.4.3
* Ruby: 2.2.1p85 (2015-02-26 revision 49769) [x86_64-darwin14]
* Rails: 4.2.0



## Configuration

1) After you setup the first user (probably your account), you will need to go into the database and set the security_level to '5' in order to gain administrator abilities. From here, you will be able to change the status of all other user accounts via the administrator dashboard. Please also note that an admin can not delete their own account, but it will need to be deleted by another administrator. This provides security that the site is not without an administrator. 

2) Change the variables for Site name and URL in the following places:
* app/views/layouts/_header.html.erb at line 2
* app/views/pages/privacy.html.erb at line 5 and 6


## To Do List

- [X] I'd like the redirect page after signing in or signing out to be back to the page the user was on, not the home page.
- [ ] Create User profile that is not editable. 
- [ ] Add ability for users to see all of the stories they created and mark them as published or not and make edits. Currently, they can only edit the stories that they marked as published by going through the story listings. It would be nice within their dashboard for them to be able to see a list of all the stories they created (published or not), and be able to edit them. 
- [X] Create nicer alert messages. 
- [X] Create Admin Dashboard
	- [ ] Prevent Admins from deleting their own account
	- [ ] Allow Admins to change status of users
	- [ ] Allow Admins to update user information
- [ ] Advanced Sign-in and Sign-ups 
	- [ ] Integrate [OmniAuth](https://github.com/intridea/omniauth)
		- [ ] Offer Facebook
		- [ ] Offer Google
		- [ ] Offer Twitter
		- [ ] Offer Amazon
		- [ ] Offer GitHub
	- [X] Allow user to use email or username for sign-in
	- [ ] Use a combination of popup module and JSON and AJAX to sign in and register. See: http://blog.andrewray.me/how-to-set-up-devise-ajax-authentication-with-rails-4-0/
- [ ] Make static pages nicer (templated)
	- [ ] Home
	- [ ] About Us
	- [ ] Contact Us
	- [ ] Registration
	- [ ] Login
	- [ ] Privacy Policy
	- [ ] Site Map
- [ ] Run <tt>rake doc:app</tt> at the end




## WebApp Version History (Corresponds with Commit History and Summary Titles)

### 0.3.0 - Added Stories to the mix
* Added the ability for users to control stories (create, edit, destroy only those they create)
** Hid links to edit and destroy for those who do not own the story
* Added the ability for the stories to be listed (showing only those marked to be published)

### 0.2.0 - Added Companies to the mix
* Added the ability for users to control companies
* Added the ability for the companies to be listed

### 0.1.4.4 - Removed OmniAuth for the time being and Added Privacy to Profiles
* Added the ability for a user to make their profile private 
* Implemented the bootstrap-switch gem for the boolean variable of 'private'. 

After running into some issues, I found the solution. Here is my StackOverflow question and answer: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32706467/bootstrap-switch-event-handler-not-working-in-safari-nor-firefox

### 0.1.4.3 - OmniAuth Integration
* Updated code to include authentication/Logins by users using their Facebook, Google, Twitter, Amazon, or GitHub logins.
* Updated Login pages to not show password if callback brings the user back to fill in missing information.
* Update Profile page to not require current password to update information if they logged in / registered with a 3rd party provider.

Other minor code changes to improve basic readability and to make it better.

### 0.1.4.2.2 - Minor code and design enhancements
* Updated the redirect code to be a bit slimmer.
* Updated the Login and Register pages to be a bit better on the design aspect.

### 0.1.4.2 - Nicer Notifications and fixed Registration Bug

Added code to make the login, logout, etc notifications and form error alerts nicer and either persistent until closed, or fade out after a time.

Bug Fix: 
* Register Form was broken as it was looking for a username to be provided and none is ever given. Updated registration form to have the field available and updated the ApplicationController to sanitize it.

### 0.1.4.1 - Login Updates and Minor Bug Fixes

Now, when a user logs in, they can use either their username or their email address and when login completes they will be redirected back to the same page they were on.

* Deleted old code I was using to try and get redirects to work.

* Added error handling in Moderate Users in case there is ever a time that the user's ID or email address is deleted from the database.

* Cleaned up code in 'app/config/routes.rb' file

Known Bug: 
* Redirect after signout still doesn't work. Question posted here: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31361265/redirect-works-for-login-but-not-logout

### 0.1.4

Created the Admin Dashboard

(Note: This defaults a bit away from my template site as I did make admin mod pages for specific areas of my first project app.)

* Fixed a bug where a user's security level was not given a default value upon registration. (Thank you to @Coderhs for his solution to this: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31331119/updating-a-database-field-when-creating-a-user-using-devise-gem)
* Added Admin Dashboard link to navbar dropdown and added logic to show for Admins only
* Added breadcrumb navigation to all moderation pages with a dropdown menu on the last link to show the other dashboards
* Created Moderate User Page with sortable columns showing all registered users
  * Added Stats for number of users, admins, mods, basics, and suspendeds
  * Added Stats for new users registered today and active members today

Bug Fixes and other Minor Changes
* Changed minimum signup age from 18 to 13
* Changed order of year dropdown box to be recent to latest years
* Fixed bug where user's name would not appear in the navbar when present in the database
* Changed verbiage for registering and logging in

### 0.1.3.4 - Minor Changes

Added the following small touches and fixed bugs: 
* Changing the Browser Title for each page plus added a site name url to app/views/layouts/_header.html.erb file to allow easy changing for new site. 
* Fixing a bug with 'Hello User' statement in navbar when user name is blank but not NULL
* Fixed a bug where a new user would get an error because the NULL value in the database was not a string. Also checks to see if value is NULL or blank, not just blank. 
* Added link to privacy policy on signup page

### 0.1.3.3 - Minor Changes

Added a ReadMe file and a variable in the application_controller.rb to get the previous page a user was on. Still need to get this variable to actually work though. It is currently set to always show as the root_path or '/'.

### 0.1.3.2 - Updated Devise Routes and Redirects 

I updated the devise default routes for SEO purposes.

I also changed the default redirect after sign-in and edit profile from the site_root to the user's profile for editing and the home page for signing in.

Thanks to the following sites for information on how to do this:

* General information about Devise tweaks:

	http://railscasts.com/episodes/210-customizing-devise?view=comments

* Changing URL pages for SEO purposes and easier user usage:

	http://blog.railsupgrade.com/2014/05/how-to-override-devise-default-routes.html

* Setting the user_root page within the devise_for scope:

	https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/wiki/How-To:-Customize-the-redirect-after-a-user-edits-their-profile

* Information on the after_update_path_for:

	http://www.rubydoc.info/github/plataformatec/devise/Devise/RegistrationsController#after_update_path_for-instance_method

### 0.1.3.1 - Social Links in Profile

I added the ability to show a greyed social icon if no link is provided, and a colored icon if one is provided. 
Also, the helper URL text under the text field is updated with the user's information and the icons are links to either the social platform, or the profile if one is given.

### 0.1.3.0 - Making it Pretty

This Commit was focused on the UI design of the pages and forms.

* I added a new gem - bootstrap_form, and updated all forms to follow this syntax.

* Updated all forms to have bootstrap code for design.

* Added Custom CSS coding

* Added Header Navbar and Footer Navbar along with links

* Added temporary text to following pages: Home, About, Contact, Privacy Policy and Site Map.

* Added code for the States dropdown menu in the User profile.

* Added requirement for birthdate at signup.

* Added all elements to the user profile page

### 0.1.2 - Devise Setup

Setup Devise and created a User model with the following additional attributes:
    t.string :first_name
	t.string :last_name
	t.string :user_name
	t.integer :security_level
	t.string :address_1
	t.string :address_2
	t.string :city
	t.string :state
    t.string :country
	t.string :zip_code
	t.date :birthday
	t.string :facebook
	t.string :twitter
	t.string :google_plus
	t.string :instagram
	t.string :pinterest

### 0.1.1 - Initial Changes (Customizations)

Added
* Gems
* Pages
* HTML Fragments
* Custom CSS
* Privacy Statement

Updated
* Application CSS
* Application Javascript
* Routes
* Main Application view

### 0.1.0 - Initial Setup

This will be a template of future sites. So, I am just developing basic universal needs